The very un-teaching, the whole identity of the world of teaching is always teaching so important.
They need to show a word. That is no country. But very un-teaching, particularly, don't keep
teaching. Open method. Method is so important to see a qualified teacher, your qualified teacher,
your own teacher as living world.
Really, the un-teaching says, see that un-plemented, un-dearling devotion, when you have to that
teacher and the leading master, the realization blooms. That is what the un-teaching says. Five
points we should perceive the teacher, or five points we should perceive that we should increase
the devotion.
Five different ways. Third is that the qualified teacher is the embodiment of the Buddha. That is
the goal. Second, that qualified teacher is the activity of the qualified teacher that is the
activity of the Buddha. That is the second.
Third is, that qualified teacher you met, that is even more kinder, more beneficial than the Buddha
. Third, and all the qualified masters, that qualified linear masters, the whole activities, whole
activity of the qualified master is
activity of the Buddha. Fourth, I think. The fifth one, we contract with that qualified teacher,
with joy, with devotion, with devotion, free from doubt and hesitation, with scepticals. Then,
without any other causes or reasons, only by that
you can reach enlightenment, you become enlightenment. Those are really said. Five different ways,
if you build up the devotions to that qualified teacher, if you have that connection, that
tremendous power of the devotion and meditation, and this is like such as this.
This is said, I said, of course, our Tirtha Gaya is within our nature of the mind, but this time,
his form of devotional is embodiment of Tirtha Gaya. Not just Tirtha Gaya, but all the Buddhas, all
the Vuddhadaras, all the linear masters, and all the enlightenment come together
in one single state, or one form, as his or his or the new universe. This is also said, not just
the Buddhas or all those enlightened beings of the past, not just only the present, but future. All
that comes together as one single state of his or his or the new universe.
Then, every meditation practices. Then, according to the teaching, the Realization comes up. Those
are witnessed by the great Masters, such as Narobas. Narobas contract with the Philobad, his
teacher, for according to the teaching, for so many years he did not give any single teachings.
Only harsh. Harsh, harsh so hard, so tough, in the external level, so mean. There are all things
trying to really hurt Narobas, but Narobas never linger, never had doubt and hesitation.
The remaining, his courage, his commitment, his prim, as they call it, diamond mountains.
Then, the end, how he got to wake up to the Realization, according to the teaching, he collapsed.
He slept. He pulled up his saddle.
The shoe or saddle, he pulled up and he rolled here and banged to his face.
The Narobas' face. That moment, the stars came like this and he fell or fell.
The moment he woke up from their unconsciousness, the Realization, wow, a brilliant sunlight of the
Realization is done in his heart.
So during all that time, his cleansing, purifying, purifying, his accumulation merit, Muslim merit,
all put together.
So many times, according to the teaching, 24 big troubles that look addicted to Narobas and 24
other small things, all put together.
Put together, troubles or harsh things really did, but he got Realization, perfect.
Realization become the great Narobas, great master.
And then also, like, in it a bit, or there's another one, like, such as, I mean, many, many,
according to the teaching, so many.
But Nala Bodhi, and was the disciple of Nala Juna, and also very dummy.
Nala Bodhi was the disciple of Nala Juna, but very, very so devoted.
So devoted to Nala Juna, but he can't learn. He's just so dummy, so lonely.
But his path or his devotion is unfailing, so strong, and continually contracted, finally.
And Nala Juna gives something, kind of not really clean, not looking something, he gives that, just
a little.
And he taught us, as blessings, without hesitation, and he adds. Then he becomes the great master,
realizing Nala Bodhi.
Lo ya satcha in Tibet, really that. And then in Tibet, such as Mararepa.
He says, you know, he's again Lama Marbha. Great answer to Marbha, but when you read life stories,
again, how much is tough?
How strong? Trying to be really too tough, too. All the time.
And yet, not Mararepa didn't linger. And that's it.
His courage, new confidence, commitment, loyalty, loyalty, no matter what you have, his strength.
And then become, you should know, Mararepa, that he knows.
Even the Communists, they don't like the Dharma, they blame. But they appreciate Mararepa.
That's the way Lama killed me, right, which killed me. Really inspired Mararepa.
And then, Yungmi Lama, his devotion, Suburbhema Sambabha, and the Lomchimpa.
So, you know, really renowned. And that practice with death, prevent devotion, practice.
And the Lomchimpa, he saw three times, and become the Yungmi Lama, Omni Shende Lomchimpa.
Or the second Omni Shende Lomchimpa, or the second Garabdur.
And become one of the great masters, scholars, and Siddhas, thetoms.
This all shows the son of the devotees. And even master popular register.
When first, he's one of the very good teacher, principle teacher.
He kick out, out, and throw on the kregano. And when he woke up, again in the teaching set, he got
the realization.
The first is true teacher. And true teacher, apparently, pointing of nature of the mind as like,
that when you recognize that, it's like the coming dawn on the sky, or the morning dawn, dawns.
But this master pushed him and kicked on the ground, but that when he woke up from that,
then before that he got the dawn of the realization, now the sunlight of the realization.
Really kick. All this is.
With all the devotion, intellectual scholarship won't reach the current teacher, really get
realization.
Even you know, the old Buddha teaching, all the knowledge you have, still will linger on the
intellectual level on the surface.
It's not certain. When we receive the blessings, the contract with the devotions, devotions to the
master practices,
then it sings. Then, boom, up the enlightenment, realization.
So those are the really, and with those thoughts, and then calling Lama Pao.
That is, as he said this morning, the great Master J.M.M.I. Lama says,
calling Lama Pao is not just a frame, but it's a devotion.
You're calling your power over devotions, with joy, with preciousness, toabi, confidence,
how precious the situation, the circumstance is. It's all magical displays. All things are magics.
Past, present, future will be magic. And now I'm in this magic.
I'm going to explore the magic of the realization and magic of the blessings.
Really feel so strongly beautiful. Then the realization is come.
And also for when you walk, then this prayer, or other calling Lama Pao, makes so powerful, more
strong,
more absorbing to the heart.